docs: add C3-C4 release publication and post-release design (#374)
camaraproject/ReleaseManagement: documentation/release-process/lifecycle.md

> - Set `target_release_tag`, `target_release_type`, and API statuses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `target_release_tag`, `target_release_type`, and, for each API, the `target_api_version` and `target_api_status`.
```
